You will now use everything that
you learned to create a matrix that
corresponds to all the features
of your training example.
Specifically, I will walk you through an
algorithm that allows you to generate this
x matrix.
Let's take a look at how you can build it.
Previously, you saw how to preprocess a
tweet like this one to get a list of words
that contain all the relevant information
for the sentiment analysis tasks in NLP.
With that list of words,
you would be able to get a nice
representation using
a frequency dictionary mapping.
And finally, get a vector with a bias unit
and two additional features that store
the sum of the number of times that every
word on your process tweets appear in
positive tweets and the sum of the number
of times they appear in negative ones.
In practice, you would have to perform
this process on a set of m tweets.
So given a set of multiple raw tweets,
you would have to preprocess them
one by one to get these sets of lists
of words one for each of your tweets.
And finally,
you'd be able to extract features using
a frequencies dictionary mapping.
At the end, you would have a matrix,
X with m rows and three
columns where every row would contain
the features for each one of your tweets.
The general implementation of
this process is rather easy.
First, you build
the frequencies dictionary,
then initialize the matrix X to
match your number of tweets.
After that, you'll want to go over
through your sets of tweets carefully
deleting stop words, stemming, deleting
URLs, and handles and lower casing.
And finally, extract the features
by summing up the positive and
negative frequencies of the tweets.
For this week's assignment, you've
been provided some helper functions,
build_freqs and process_tweet.
However, you'll have to implement
the function to extract the features
of a single tweet.
That was a lot of code, but
at least now you have your X matrix.
And in the next video, we will show you
how you can feed in that X matrix into
your logistic regression classifier.
Let's take a look at how you can do that.